Adding a user to the web page (requires administrator priviledges)

   1) Log into the webpage by going to https://www.gridpack.org/GridPACK and
      log in with youer username and password.
   2) Click on the Admin tab at the top of the page.
   3) Click on the Users link on the left hand side bar (Administration). The
      User link is in the Accounts block.
   4) Follow the instructions for adding a new user. Permissions for each user
      can be controlled view the permissions can be controlled by going to
      the Permissions link and setting permissions there.

Uploading files (requires administrator priviledges)

   1) Got to https://www.gridpack.org home page and log in.
   2) Click on upload file link in left hand tool bar.
   3) An upload dialog should appear. Use the Browse tab to find the file that
      you want to upload and upload it to the webpage.
   4) Got to the GridPACK home page and click on the "Special Pages" link on the
      left hand side. Under this page there is a section "Media reports and
      uploads". Click on the "File list" link to get a complete list of all
      downloads. The file you downloaded should be listed on this page. If you
      want to remove the download, click on your file and this will take you
      to a page that allows you to download it.
   5) To create a link to the downloaded file add in the webpage, add the
      following text

      [[Media:My_download_file.ext| name of document link]]

      in the web document. The "Media" keyword applies to any downloaded
      document.

Doxygen documentation

   0) Check that new directories have been added to the Doxygen build. You will
      need to edit the Doxygen.in file in the src directory. Look for the
      INPUT flag and check that all new directories have been added. You can
      find this flag easily by searching for one of the gridpack directories,
      such as serial_io.
   1) You can only create Doxygen docs on a computer that has doxygen. You
      should get a notification that Doxygen was found when you configure
      GridPACK.
   2) Go to the build directory and type "make doc". This should generate the
      Doxygen documentation, which will be located in the directory
      $GRIDPACK/docs/doc. The web pages are in the directory html.
   3) Copy this doc directory to a Windows platform. You can use WinSCP to move
      entire directories.
   4) Go to the share directory \\whsprod20e\gridpack_api and then go to the
      htmlroot folder. You may need to get a direct link to this site from
      the sys admins. This corresponds to the internet address
      http://gridpack_api.labworks.org/index.html.
   5) Remove the contents of the oldVersion folder and then copy the "search"
      directory and all individual files in htmlroot into the oldVersion folder.
   6) Copy the contents the contents of doc/html from the Doxygen directory that
      you copied to Windows to the htmlroot folder. The new Doxygen files should
      now show up when you link to them from the gridpack.org webpage.

Release
   1) Got to https://github.com/GridOPTICS/GridPACK
   2) Got to the "releases tab" (near the top of the page) and click on it
   3) Click on the "Draft a new release" button on the upper right of the page
   4) Provide a name for the release in the box labeled "Tag version"
   5) Click on the pull-down menu with "Target:master" and select the release
      branch you want to use.
   6) Fill in the box labeled "Release title". You should use something like
      "GridPACK vX.X Release"
   7) Add release notes in the block labeled "Describe this release"
   8) Click on the button labeled "Publish release"
   9) Download the tar.gz file from the Github release page and copy it to a
      Linux box. Untar the release. Copy all the $GRIDPACK/cmake-jedbrown files
      from a working build to the $GRIDPACK/cmake-jedbrown directory in the
      release
   10) Tar and gzip the release directory with the cmake-jedbrown files. At this
       point it would be advisable to verify that GridPACK builds if you untar
       this file. Move the tarball to a Windows workstation.
   11) Got the Github web site and got to the new release website. Click the
       "Edit" button.
   12) Click on the link that says "Attach binaries by dropping them here or
       selecting them." This shoud bring up a file browser. Select your tarball
       and upload it.
   13) Click "Update release" button. The tarball should now appear in the
       Downloads section.
   14) 
